Welcome to our 30-minute yoga practice!
Let's begin in a comfortable seated position, with our hands on our knees and our eyes closed.
Take a deep breath in, and as you exhale, allow your body to release any tension.
Now, let's start to move our bodies. Inhale, and reach your arms up overhead.
As you exhale, fold forward, bringing your hands to the ground in front of you.
Keep breathing deeply as you move through this flow, allowing your body to relax and release.
Next, let's come into downward-facing dog. Push your hips up and back, and press your heels down towards the ground.
Take a few deep breaths in this position, feeling the stretch in your legs and spine.
Now, let's come into tree pose. Bring your right foot to rest on your left inner thigh, and balance on your left foot.
Place your hands in prayer position at your heart, and breathe deeply.
Switch sides, bringing your left foot to your right inner thigh.
Continue to flow through these poses, and feel free to modify or adjust as needed to make this practice work for you.
And that's the end of our 30-minute yoga practice. Thank you for joining us!